CSCA20 Project Report: Fall 2019

Team Member A
-------------
First Name: Sean 
Last Name: Morgado
Student Number:1002163311
UofT E-mail Address: sean.morgado@mail.utoronto.ca


Team Member B
-------------
First Name: Weisheng
Last Name: Cao
Student Number: 1004417650
UofT E-mail Address: weisheng.cao@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member C (Optional)
-------------
First Name: Jane
Last Name: Lui
Student Number: 1004533196
UofT E-mail Address: janecl.lui@mail.utoronto.ca

Team Member D (Optional)
-------------
First Name: 
Last Name:
Student Number:
UofT E-mail Address:


Project Plan
--------

Project Title: Federal Election - Vote and Government Formation


Provide a one paragraph description of your project:

For our project, we hope to write a piece of code that would be able to be used as an automated election software, which would ask people wanting to vote in spefific ridings what party they would like to vote for, and then determining the winner of each riding when the polls close. The code would cycle through a pre-determined number of ridings and then form a 'seat count'. With the seat count from all the ridings, the code will then call the winner of the federal election and the type of government they will form (minority or majority). We hope to write it in Python, because we think the use of sets along with lists will greatly reduce the amount of code needed to be written, as then we won't need to write a new piece of code for each riding. 


What will you have done before you arrive at your tutorial next week? 

We have already begun doing the code in Scratch, but learning about the capabilities of Python has made us want to switch it to that language. Therefore, we hope to have figured out a plan for the local election code so that we can come to the tutorial looking at how to write it in Python.

What will you have done before you leave your tutorial next week?

Hopefully by the end of next tutorial we will have the local election code written in Python. At that point, we hope to plan out how to take the results of the riding elections to the government formation module of the code, and plan the final module of the code (announcing the federal election winner).

What is your backup plan if things don't work out as planned?

If it seems like the move to Python is too ambitious than we may remain in Scratch. Additionally, we may reduce the number of ridings we would have to write (since, at that point, we would likely have to re-write the code for each riding) so that we have enough time to plan out the government formation module of the code.


Weekly Reports
--------------
This week in tutorial we discussed the project, looked at how one of the members began to work on it in Scratch, and talked about how it would look in Python. In our discussion, we walked through our ideas for this code, and how we could practically go about setting it up in Python. We also talked about having another member in our group, someone we had worked with in previous tutorials who wasn't present this day (Jane).



References
----------



Repo & Video
------------



